README.md, before:

# MQTT

[![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue.svg)](https://JuliaMQTT.github.io/MQTT.jl/stable/)
[![Dev](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-dev-blue.svg)](https://JuliaMQTT.github.io/MQTT.jl/dev/)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/JuliaMQTT/MQTT.jl/actions/workflows/CI.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/JuliaMQTT/MQTT.jl/actions/workflows/CI.yml?query=branch%3Amain)
[![Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/JuliaMQTT/MQTT.jl/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/JuliaMQTT/MQTT.jl)
[![Coverage](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/JuliaMQTT/MQTT.jl/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://coveralls.io/github/JuliaMQTT/MQTT.jl?branch=main)
[![Code Style: Blue](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-blue-4495d1.svg)](https://github.com/invenia/BlueStyle)
[![PkgEval](https://JuliaCI.github.io/NanosoldierReports/pkgeval_badges/M/MQTT.svg)](https://JuliaCI.github.io/NanosoldierReports/pkgeval_badges/report.html)

This is an interface package for MQTT Messaging. See the [documentation](https://JuliaMQTT.github.io/MQTT.jl/stable/) for more information.

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to the project, please submit a PR. All contributions are welcomed and appreciated.

## Acknowledgements

We thank [MapXact](https://mapxact.com/) for sponsoring and supporting the work on this package.

Commit message:

update to be julia messaging

README.md, after:

# MQTT

[![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue.svg)](https://JuliaMessaging.github.io/MQTT.jl/stable/)
[![Dev](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-dev-blue.svg)](https://JuliaMessaging.github.io/MQTT.jl/dev/)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/JuliaMessaging/MQTT.jl/actions/workflows/CI.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/JuliaMessaging/MQTT.jl/actions/workflows/CI.yml?query=branch%3Amain)
[![Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/JuliaMessaging/MQTT.jl/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/JuliaMessaging/MQTT.jl)
[![Coverage](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/JuliaMessaging/MQTT.jl/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://coveralls.io/github/JuliaMessaging/MQTT.jl?branch=main)
[![Code Style: Blue](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-blue-4495d1.svg)](https://github.com/invenia/BlueStyle)
[![PkgEval](https://JuliaCI.github.io/NanosoldierReports/pkgeval_badges/M/MQTT.svg)](https://JuliaCI.github.io/NanosoldierReports/pkgeval_badges/report.html)

This is an interface package for MQTT Messaging. See the [documentation](https://JuliaMessaging.github.io/MQTT.jl) for more information.

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to the project, please submit a PR. All contributions are welcomed and appreciated.

### TODO

- [ ] add tests
- [ ] check if other clients can integrate
- [ ] register in Julia General
- [ ] general doctrings for interface functions

## Acknowledgements

We thank [MapXact](https://mapxact.com/) for sponsoring and supporting the work on this package.
